Overview and Table tabs added to Indicator details flyout in cases (#3022)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/indicators-of-compromise.asciidoc

When you attach an indicator to a case, the indicator is added as a new comment with the following details:

> * *Indicator name*: Click the linked name to open the Indicator details flyout, which contains the following informational tabs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Indicator name*: Click the linked name to open the Indicator details flyout, which contains the following tabs:
```
Nit, but informational seems like an extra word that might not be maximally friendly to non-native speakers. I think saying it's a details flyout and describing the tabs makes it unnecessary

> ** *Overview*: A summary of the indicator, including the indicator's name, the threat intelligence feed it came from, the indicator type, and additional relevant data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Overview*: A summary of the threat indicator, including its name and type, which threat intelligence feed it came from, and additional relevant data.
```
Just an idea, in case you like it
